discriminating audiences
at the sundance film festival have
discovered one of the most shocking
unflinching eye-opening films about cops
ever made
[Music]
do we look like the two dumbest guys in
the world to you
super troopers in this town
you don't mess with the law you know how
fast you are going
65 63. the law messes with you
isn't the speed limit 65 yeah it is
i'm freaking out man
please see your license and register
perhaps someone's punking
and coughing is an honor ain't it cool
news says
funny funny funny stuff all over this
movie
give me a double bacon cheeseburger
double bacon cheeseburger it's for a cop
what the hell is that all about you
gonna spin it now no i was just telling
them that so it makes it good
don't spit in that cop's burger made me
laugh
out loud long and hard another
highway cup what are you guys
multiplying
that'll look spit to you yeah damn it
you burn them
super troopers they're coming
any further
[Music]
you